
.commands
Mostra todos os comandos do bot Bastion

.commands: Generates a list of commands the user has access to.
.c: Searches by name for a constant from YGOPro Percy scripts, and returns a paginated list of all matching results.
.counter: Searches for a Counter (e.g., Bushido Counter) by name or YGOPro hexadecimal value, and displays both
.dbfind: Lists all the YGOPro Databases that Bastion is taking the data for a given card from.
.deck: Parses and lists the contents of a YGOPro .ydk deck file or EDOPRO ydke:// URL.
.d: Shows the description for a given function, constant or parameter from YGOPro's scripts, from a list being displayed by .f, .c or .param.
.eff: Displays only the card text for a given card, without the stats.
.f: Searches by name for a function from YGOPro Percy scripts, and returns a paginated list of all matching results.
.help: Provides a general help message if called alone, or the details for the given command.
.id: Searches for a card by ID or name, and shows both without any extra info.
.link: Superseded by /link
.match: Searches for cards by fuzzy-matching the card name, and returns a paginated list of all results.
.p: Changes the page of function, constant or parameter results from YGOPro's scripts, for a list being displayed by .f, .c or .param.
.param: Searches by name for a function parameter from YGOPro Percy scripts, and returns a paginated list of all matching results.
.ping: Sends a basic reply to test connectivity, and notes how long it took.
.randcard: Shows the profile for one random card that meets the given filters.
.ruling: Searches for a card by ID or name, and displays a link to the Japanese OCG rulings database for that card
.script: Searches for a card by ID or name, and displays a link to its card script on GitHub if available. Also displays the script in Discord if it's short enough to fit in the message
.search: Searches for cards by exact match in the card name and/or text, and returns a paginated list of all results.
.set: Searches for an archetype setcode (e.g., Ally of Justice) by name or YGOPro hexadecimal value, and displays both
.skill: Searches for a Duel Links skill by name and returns details about it. For a Speed Duel skill, try a normal card search.
.stats: Displays only the stats for a given card, without the card text.
.strings: Searches for a card by ID or name, and displays its YGOPro database strings.
.strfind: Searches for EDOPro card strings and returns a paginated list of all results.
.top: Displays the cards most popular to search for, up to the top 15.
.yugi: Superseded by /yugipedia

Mostra informacoes da carta
<carta>
<CodigoDaCarta>

.c activity 
.c add
.c attribute
.c destroy
.c disable
.c divine
.c event
.c fusion
.c hand
.c hint
.c link
.c pendulum
.c race 
Mostra as racas do jogo
.c release
.c remove
.c summon
.c synchro
.c target
.c ToDeck
.c ToGrave
.c ToHand
.c type
Mostra todos os tipos do jogo
.c xyz

.f Count
.f Debug
.f GetHandler

.match palavra

.search carta
Procura carta

.script carta
Mostra script da carta